Updated command set (#3569)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/Test-VHD.md

# Test-VHD

## SYNOPSIS

> Tests a virtual hard disk for any problems that'd make it unusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests a virtual hard disk for any problems that would make it unusable.
```

## SYNTAX

### ExistingVHD (Default)

```
Test-VHD [-Path] <String[]> [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ComputerName <String[]>]
 [-Credential <PSCredential[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### SharedDisk

```
Test-VHD [-Path] <String[]> [-SupportPersistentReservations] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]
 [-ComputerName <String[]>] [-Credential <PSCredential[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The `Test-VHD` cmdlet tests a virtual hard disk for any problems that'd make it unusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Test-VHD` cmdlet tests a virtual hard disk for any problems that would make it unusable.
```
